Refactor Cloudflare GraphQL API's getting started and limit blocks of… (#6458)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/analytics/graphql-api/getting-started/querying-basics.md

## Structure of a GraphQL query

GraphQL structures data as a graph. GraphQL uses a schema to define the objects
and their hierarchy in your data graph. You can explore the edges of the graph
by using queries to get the needed data. These queries must respect the
structure of the schema.

A **node**, followed by its **fields**, is at the core of a GraphQL query. A
node is an object of a specific **type**; the type specifies the fields that
make up the object.

A field can be another node where the appropriate query would contain nested
elements. Some nodes look like functions that can take on arguments to limit the
scope of what they can act on. You can apply filters at each node.

## Cloudflare GraphQL schema

A typical query against the Cloudflare GraphQL schema is made up of four main
components:

> * `viewer` - is the root node,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `viewer` - Is the root node.
```

> * `zones` or `accounts` - indicates the scope of the query, i.e. the domain area

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `zones` or `accounts` - Indicate the scope of the query, that is the domain area
```

  or account you want to query. The `viewer` can access one `zones` or

>   `accounts`, or both,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  `accounts`, or both.
```

> * **data node** or **dataset** - represents the data you want to query. `zones`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **data node** or **dataset** - Represent the data you want to query. `zones`
```

  or `accounts` may contain one or more datasets. To find out more about

>   discovering nodes, please refer to [introspection][1],

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  discovering nodes, please refer to [introspection][1].
```

> * **fieldset** - a set of fields or nested fields of the **dataset**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **fieldset** - A set of fields or nested fields of the **dataset**.
```

}
```

## Query multiple datasets in a single GraphQL API request

> As discussed above, a query might contain one or multiple nodes (datasets). At

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As previously mentioned, a query might contain one or multiple nodes (datasets). At
```

the API level, the data extraction would be done simultaneously, but the
response would be delayed until all dataset queries got their results. If any

> fails during the execution, the entire query will be terminated, and the error

Reviewer: ```suggestion
fail during the execution, the entire query will be terminated, and the error
```
